From : Eyeforenergy bruno@EYEFORENERGY.COM@ENRON
To : energynews@peach.ease.lsoft.com
CC : 
BCC : 
Subject : h:Eyeforenergy Briefing

Message Body :
http://www.eyeforenergy.com/newsletter/newsletter_300501.htm


[IMAGE]	[IMAGE]				[IMAGE][IMAGE][IMAGE] HOME 	
EVENTS 	ADVERTISE 	INDUSTRY DIRECTORY 	[IMAGE]	[IMAGE]	


    Thursday, May 31, 2001 Issue 29   EDITORIAL  Today and Tomorrow-what Asia faces and what we've all learned from the past  As you probably know, the Eyeforenergy team is off to Mexico next week for our Latin American e-business in energy conference.  But to prove that our interests are global, our Insight article this week focuses on the state of the energy in Asia.  Like their colleagues in Latin America, Europe and North America, energy executives in Asia are facing a host of changes-e-business, regulatory changes, and the commercialization of alternative and micro energy sources.  All of these are examined in the article below, and it paints an interesting picture of the state of play in Asia today and what sort of challenges they face tomorrow.   In other news, the move towards online trading continues apace in the energy industry (unlike recent developments in most other industries) with announcements by Pantellos and Duke Energy North America.  Pantellos' move into the international arena with its procurement solution points towards the increasing use of online marketplaces in the energy supply chain (or at least a refusal to give up in the wake of Petrocosm's demise).      While Duke's announcement of their move to OpenLink's software points towards the increasing use of Internet technology on the commodity side of energy trading.   Either way, the energy sector seems to be one of the few bright spots in the wake of the dot com gloom. The energy industry's measured response and refusal to jump on the e-commerce bandwagon at the start seems to be proving dividends now.  Perhaps the rest of the new economy is learning what it seemed that the energy industry always knew-the Internet is just another tool (a useful one, but just a tool) and at the end of the day you still need to get the oil out of the ground and the electricity to the customers.         Q&A   Mirroring the Marketplace   Founded in late 1997, Excelergy Corporation, Lexington, Mass., a developer of software products and technologies for online energy marketplaces, is one of several companies providing products and services in this arena.  Recently, eyeforenergy contacted Jay Sherry, vice president of global marketing, to discuss hybrid business models and approaches and the issues that face those trying to implement them.  Hybrid approaches to conducting e-commerce transactions online are rapidly finding a home in the retail energy space.  Such approaches are not being implemented for altruistic reasons; instead, for some, it's become the means to survival.  Determining other uses for existing technological expertise... Click here for Full Story      FOCUS   E-procurement- is it so much more than buying and selling goods and services online?   E-procurement involves companies buying their supplies online. As B2B e-commerce has become the next big thing in the corporate world. The chief beneficiaries of this trend are a growing list of software vendors, like Ariba and WebMethods, which provide applications that enable electronic procurement and also create Web-based trading communities.  In recent years, many Internet commerce procurement application offerings have come to market addressing the automation and economics of the procurement process. Service companies have begun to implement e-procurement applications and consult around the entire e-procurement process. Outsourcers... Click here for Full Story     Fuel Cell and Microturbine Roundup   The energy wires have been humming this past week with word of new and exciting technologies from the world of distributed generation, fuel cells, microturbines, solar photovoltaic and wind. Word of increased rolling brownouts and power interruptions in the west and pressure from environmental groups concerned over co2 emissions are shining the light on renewable energy sources as the world gears up to make sure the stream of power continues unabated.  With the dot-com meltdown in full swing venture capitalists in search of the "next big thing," are casting their eye on the energy sector. If you listen carefully you will be able to hear the words of an old song drifting on the wind, "Welcome back my friends to the show that never ends, we're so... Click here for Full Story      INSIGHT   Energy Opportunities in the Asia Pacific Region   With e-commerce in the Asia sector poised to explode, reaching 28 percent of the world's total by 2005, it's small wonder that the region has a firm eye on energy. B2B Internet commerce in the Asia/Pacific region (including Japan) reached US 96.8 billion in 2000 or 22 percent of the worldwide total of US $433.3 billion.  The Asia Pacific region has enjoyed a rapid economic expansion in recent decades with a corresponding demand for electricity. This has placed a severe strain on the ability of individual economies in the area to expand their electricity infrastructure capacity rapidly enough to meet the surge in... Click here for Full Story      ADVERTISEMENT  [IMAGE] Landmark Graphics and Petroleum Place -- Accelerating Business Efficiency   Landmark Graphics and Petroleum Place Delivers Enormous Efficiencies within Acquisition and Divestiture. How? Through online delivery of data and evaluation tools within an APS environment to afford dramatic efficiencies for both sellers and buyers. Visit www.petroleumplace.com   [IMAGE]  NEW! GLOBAL ENERGY REPORTS Emerging Markets Online specializes in global energy reports. Dozens of new reports are now available, including Latin American Oil and Gas Report, Power Generation in Latin America, Iraq Oil and Gas Report, European Energy Liberalization, Gas and Power in India, and more.  The site includes news and a Global Energy Projects Database! Register now to view FREE executive summaries at http://www.emerging-markets.com/login/energyreports.asp   [IMAGE]  NEWS ROUND UP - WEEK IN REVIEW   Trade-Ranger Teams With Wellogix for Online Collaboration and Procurement   Trade-Ranger and Wellogix are teaming up to enable an online solution for collaboration and procurement of tailor made goods and services.  Tailor-made goods and services represent more than 60 percent of the buying and selling activity in the energy and petrochemical industries.  Trade-Ranger and Wellogix together are reportedly the first to provide Internet tools for this type of trading.  "Our customers have told us that Trade-Ranger... Click here for Full Story     PGÈOffers Incentives to Lower Energy Use   PGÈis using technology from Silicon Energy to address California's energy concerns with incentives for commercial and industrial customers to lower energy use during peak hours.  Silicon Energy, a provider of Internet-based Enterprise Energy Management technology, today announced that Pacific Gas and Electric Company (PG&E) has selected its EEM Suite(TM) energy technology software as the infrastructure for PG&E's new Inter-Act program. Inter-Act was designed to promote... Click here for Full Story     Step Right Up and Place Your Bets on Alternative Energy     For the past thirty years the United States has flirted with the development of alternative and renewable sources of energy such as wind, and solar power. For a nation in lock step with fossil fuels development of alternative energy sources is a tough road to follow and has been a stumbling black... Click here for Full Story     Pantellos Marketplace Offers Global Transaction Services   Gathersburg, Md. and The Woodlands, Tx, May 24, 2001----Pantellos, the online marketplace serving the utility and energy sectors, is offering global transaction services through GE Global eXchange Services.  These These services will help buyers and sellers exchange business documents through the marketplace in a variety of formats -- allowing Pantellos suppliers to leverage their existing investments in electronic data interchange (EDI) technology, while benefiting from relationships within the Pantellos... Click here for Full Story     Endur Enhances Duke's Commodity Trading Platform   Houston, May 24, 2001---Duke Energy North America (DENA) is scrapping its internal trading and risk management systems and leveraging OpenLink Energy's Endur, to enhance its energy commodities and emissions trading, risk management and accounting capabilities.  ``OpenLink will provide Duke Energy with the front-through-back-office solutions necessary to manage our energy trading, risk management and operational requirements,'' said Terry Aschbacher, DENA vice president of commercial technology. ``Replacing multiple internal systems with Endur will... Click here for Full Story     MyUtility to Offer "Single Portal" for Energy and Communications Products   May 24, 2001---My Utility has announced plans to launch a Website that allows small commercial and residential the opportunity to buy and manage energy and communications products from leading suppliers, through a single portal.  Expected to get underway this autumn. the initiative, developed by former energy journalist Paul Miosga, hopes to tap into a latent market of busy internet-literate consumers who want a good deal on their essential services but do not have time to shop around for the best price and like the convenience... Click here for Full Story     E-Commerce on Upswing In India     A joint study released Tuesday by the Confederation of Indian Industry and International Trade Center and WTO, reports that e-commerce activity in the country will likely reach rs 250 billion (US$ 5.3 billion) by 2005. The study also pointed out that Indian internet security applications market... Click here for Full Story      Latest News Now!       [IMAGE]     EDITORIAL [IMAGE] Today and Tomorrow-what Asia faces and what we've all learned from the past    ARTICLES [IMAGE] Mirroring the Marketplace [IMAGE] E-procurement- is it so much more than buying and selling goods and services online? [IMAGE] Fuel Cell and Microturbine Roundup [IMAGE] Energy Opportunities in the Asia Pacific Region    NEWS ROUND UP [IMAGE] Trade-Ranger Teams With Wellogix for Online Collaboration and Procurement  [IMAGE] PGÈOffers Incentives to Lower Energy Use  [IMAGE] Step Right Up and Place Your Bets on Alternative Energy  [IMAGE] Pantellos Marketplace Offers Global Transaction Services  [IMAGE] Endur Enhances Duke's Commodity Trading Platform  [IMAGE] MyUtility to Offer "Single Portal" for Energy and Communications Products  [IMAGE] E-Commerce on Upswing In India     EVENTS [IMAGE]  Eyeforenergy, Latin America   [IMAGE]  Energy Exchanges Online II   [IMAGE]  Eyeforenergy, Asia      SUBSCRIBE   Please enter your email address below to subscribe to the EyeForEnergy newsletter. Thank you        UNSUBSCRIBE  To unsubscribe from the EyeForEnergy newsletter please enter your email below. Thank you       If you have any comments about this newsletter or you would like to suggest future topics or industry related news, please email  moconnell@eyeforenergy.com     [IMAGE]         	


 

***********
EDRM Enron Email Data Set has been produced in EML, PST and NSF format by ZL Technologies, Inc. This Data Set is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 United States License <http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/us/> . To provide attribution, please cite to "ZL Technologies, Inc. (http://www.zlti.com)."
***********

